---
title : "Intelligent Document Processing with AWS AI Services"
date :  "r Sys.Date()" 
weight : 1 
chapter : false
pre : " <b> 7. </b> "
---
# Intelligent Document Processing with AWS AI Services
### Overview
Documents contain valuable information and come in various shapes and forms. In most cases, you manually process these documents to extract information and insights. This is time consuming, error prone, expensive, and difficult to scale. Not only do you want information extracted from your documents quickly, but you also want to automate business processes that presently rely on manual inputs and intervention across various file types and formats.
### Target of the Workshop

The goal of this workshop is to give you hands on experience in understanding and building the components required to setup an IDP workflow with AWS AI services. You will learn how to implement the various stages of an IDP workflow by:

- Using Amazon SageMaker Studio  as an IDE
- Learning the basics of Amazon Textract and the various APIs that can be used to extract text and derive relationships from document content.
- Training an Amazon Comprehend custom classifier and use it to classify documents.
- Training an Amazon Comprehend custom entity recognizer and use it to detect business specific entities.
- Performing document enrichment using custom entities and document redaction using geometry data generated by Amazon Textract.
- Learning how Amazon Augmented AI human review loops can be configured for review of extracted information.
### Cost of the Workshop
You can use the functions and AWS services you need immediately in this workshop and test them free of charge in a new AWS account. If you're using an existing AWS account, please refer to the pricing guides for the services listed below for more information.


### After the Workshop
If you no longer use the implemented functions after the workshop, you may still incur costs. You can find more information about this and how to delete created components in the [Clean up](7-cleanup/)

### Content
 1. [Introduction ](1-Introduce/)
 2. [Preparation](2-prerequiste/)
 3. [Document Classification](3-DocumentClassification/)
 4. [Manage session logs](4-DocumentExtraction/)
 5. [Port Forwarding](5-DocumentExtractionandEnrichment/)
 6. [DocumentReviewandVerification](6-DocumentReviewandVerification/)
 7. [Clean up](7-cleanup/)
